oracles/dia.md, before:

---
title: DIA Data
description: How to use request data from a DIA Oracle in your Moonbeam Ethereum Dapp using smart contracts
---

# DIA Data Oracles on Moonbeam

## Introduction

DApp developers who want to leverage DIA oracles can access the published data on Moonbeam. DIA offers cryptocurrency and data about traditional financial assets.

## Supported Assets

DIA supports assets from various categories to be included into the oracle. A selection of assets is listed here:

|              Data Feed Name           | Data Type |
| :-----------------------------------: | :----: |
|             DOT Token                 |  Crypto Price   |
|                Bitcoin                |  Crypto Price  |
|               Ethereum                |  Crypto Price   |
|                Tether                 |  Crypto Price  |
|                  XRP                  |  Crypto price   |
|              Barnbridge Protocol      |  Farming Pool Data |
|              yearn.finance            |  Farming Pool Data |

## Data Access

All asset prices are determined in USD.
Where appliccable, the oracle also provides information on circulating supply and the timestamp of data collection.
The query in the smart contract is realized with the symbol of the asset.

### Smart Contract

DIA data is published in the `DIAOracle` smart contract. By querying the `getCoinInfo()` function you can retrieve the requested data.

It takes the name of the asset as input, e.g., `Bitcoin` and returns this struct of data:

```
struct CoinInfo {
	uint256 price;
	uint256 supply;
	uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp;
	string symbol;
}
```

The following snippet shows how to retrieve the BTC price of an asset (e.g. `DOT`) using a smart contract.

```
pragma solidity ^0.4.24;

contract DiaOracle {
	address owner;

	struct CoinInfo {
		uint256 price;
		uint256 supply;
		uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp;
		string symbol;
	}

	mapping(string => CoinInfo) diaOracles;

	event newCoinInfo(
		string name,
		string symbol,
		uint256 price,
		uint256 supply,
		uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp
	);

	constructor() public {
		owner = msg.sender;
	}

	function changeOwner(address newOwner) public {
		require(msg.sender == owner);
		owner = newOwner;
	}

	function updateCoinInfo(string name, string symbol, uint256 newPrice, uint256 newSupply, uint256 newTimestamp) public {
		require(msg.sender == owner);
		diaOracles[name] = (CoinInfo(newPrice, newSupply, newTimestamp, symbol));
		emit newCoinInfo(name, symbol, newPrice, newSupply, newTimestamp);
	}

	function getCoinInfo(string name) public view returns (uint256, uint256, uint256, string) {
		return (
			diaOracles[name].price,
			diaOracles[name].supply,
			diaOracles[name].lastUpdateTimestamp,
			diaOracles[name].symbol
		);
	}
}

contract DiaAssetBtcOracle {
	DiaOracle oracle;
	address owner;
    
	constructor() public {
		owner = msg.sender;
	}
    
	function setOracleAddress(address _address) public {
		require(msg.sender == owner);
		oracle = DiaOracle(_address);
	}
    
	function getAssetEurRate(string asset) constant public returns (uint256) {
		(uint assetPrice,,,) = oracle.getCoinInfo(asset);
		(uint btcPrice,,,) = oracle.getCoinInfo("Bitcoin");
		return (assetPrice * 100000 / btcPrice);
	}
    
}
```

#### Deployed Addresses

| Chain name    |        Oracle Contract Address          | Update Frequency |
| :------------ | :------------------------------------------: | :----------: |
| Moonbeam Alphanet | `0xd5e1e0056bed90e46e1a58f0a09449cbebd0ff4a` |    1/day    |

DIA provides a broad range of assets. You can find an overview in the DIA documentation [here](https://docs.diadata.org/documentation/oracle-documentation).
For the deployment of specific oracles (source/methodology/frequency) please [contact the DIA team](mailto:bd@diadata.org).

Commit message:

DIA.md: Update intro and github section
I've updated the intro section and the github link.

oracles/dia.md, after:

---
title: DIA Data
description: How to use request data from a DIA Oracle in your Moonbeam Ethereum Dapp using smart contracts
---

# DIA Data Oracles on Moonbeam

## Introduction

DIA is an ecosystem for open financial data in a financial smart contract ecosystem.
The target of DIA is to bring together data analysts, data providers and data users.
In general, DIA provides a reliable and verifiable bridge between off-chain data from various sources and on-chain smart contracts that can be used to build a variety of financial dApps. 
DApp developers who want to leverage DIA oracles can access the published data on Moonbeam.
DIA offers data about traditional financial assets and cryptocurrencies.

## Supported Assets

DIA supports assets from various categories to be included into the oracle. A selection of assets is listed here:

|              Data Feed Name           | Data Type |
| :-----------------------------------: | :----: |
|             DOT Token                 |  Crypto Price   |
|                Bitcoin                |  Crypto Price  |
|               Ethereum                |  Crypto Price   |
|                Tether                 |  Crypto Price  |
|                  XRP                  |  Crypto price   |
|              Barnbridge Protocol      |  Farming Pool Data |
|              yearn.finance            |  Farming Pool Data |

## Data Access

All asset prices are determined in USD according to our [methodology](https://docs.diadata.org/documentation/methodology).
Where appliccable, the oracle also provides information on circulating supply and the timestamp of data collection.
The query in the smart contract is realized with the symbol of the asset.

### Smart Contract

DIA data is published in the `DIAOracle` smart contract. By querying the `getCoinInfo()` function you can retrieve the requested data.

It takes the name of the asset as input, e.g., `Bitcoin` and returns this struct of data:

```
struct CoinInfo {
	uint256 price;
	uint256 supply;
	uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp;
	string symbol;
}
```

The following snippet shows how to retrieve the price of an asset (e.g. `DOT`) measured in another asset (BTC) using a wrapper smart contract.

```
pragma solidity ^0.4.24;

contract DiaOracle {
	address owner;

	struct CoinInfo {
		uint256 price;
		uint256 supply;
		uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp;
		string symbol;
	}

	mapping(string => CoinInfo) diaOracles;

	event newCoinInfo(
		string name,
		string symbol,
		uint256 price,
		uint256 supply,
		uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp
	);

	constructor() public {
		owner = msg.sender;
	}

	function changeOwner(address newOwner) public {
		require(msg.sender == owner);
		owner = newOwner;
	}

	function updateCoinInfo(string name, string symbol, uint256 newPrice, uint256 newSupply, uint256 newTimestamp) public {
		require(msg.sender == owner);
		diaOracles[name] = (CoinInfo(newPrice, newSupply, newTimestamp, symbol));
		emit newCoinInfo(name, symbol, newPrice, newSupply, newTimestamp);
	}

	function getCoinInfo(string name) public view returns (uint256, uint256, uint256, string) {
		return (
			diaOracles[name].price,
			diaOracles[name].supply,
			diaOracles[name].lastUpdateTimestamp,
			diaOracles[name].symbol
		);
	}
}

contract DiaAssetBtcOracle {
	DiaOracle oracle;
	address owner;
    
	constructor() public {
		owner = msg.sender;
	}
    
	function setOracleAddress(address _address) public {
		require(msg.sender == owner);
		oracle = DiaOracle(_address);
	}
    
	function getAssetEurRate(string asset) constant public returns (uint256) {
		(uint assetPrice,,,) = oracle.getCoinInfo(asset);
		(uint btcPrice,,,) = oracle.getCoinInfo("Bitcoin");
		return (assetPrice * 100000 / btcPrice);
	}
    
}
```

#### Deployed Addresses

| Chain name    |        Oracle Contract Address          | Update Frequency |
| :------------ | :------------------------------------------: | :----------: |
| Moonbeam Alphanet | `0xd5e1e0056bed90e46e1a58f0a09449cbebd0ff4a` |    1/day    |

### Github and Contact

DIA provides a broad range of assets. You can find an overview in the DIA documentation [here](https://docs.diadata.org/documentation/oracle-documentation).
All our code is open-source and can be found on our [Github repositoy](https://github.com/diadata-org/diadata).
For the deployment of specific oracles (source/methodology/frequency) please [contact the DIA team](mailto:bd@diadata.org).
